You haven't seen Yao Wenwen for a long time
Where did it go? I don't know.
I haven't seen anyone in days
It's okay to leave him alone
What happened to the withdrawal of the Huaxin Chamber of Commerce?
Oh, I'll report to you like this.
It's all set.
The office location may be fixed
Honey, let me show you
Goodbye go
Sister has seen the eldest young master
Master Xiong, why are you here?
Young master, don't call Chen that
He can't afford it.
Master, according to your wishes
Nie Yanwu's status
And his share of the wealth
The capital has been handed over to the urban area
Our Huaxin event
Able to bloom and bear fruit in a short period of time
Thank goodness it's my job to do
You are serious.
Hello
What!
Ok, I'll be right there